Clarify prefixed numeric literal descriptions (#22836)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/lexical_grammar/index.md

#### Binary

> Binary number syntax uses a leading zero followed by a lowercase or uppercase Latin letter "B" (`0b` or `0B`). If the digit after the `0b` is not 0 or 1, the following {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}} is thrown: "missing binary digits after '0b'". If a digit other than 0 or 1 is used further along in the numeric literal, then the following {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}} is thrown: "unexpected token: numeric literal".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binary number syntax uses a leading zero followed by a lowercase or uppercase Latin letter "B" (`0b` or `0B`). Any character after the `0b` that is not 0 or 1 will terminate the literal sequence.
```

#### Octal

> Octal number syntax uses a leading zero followed by a lowercase or uppercase Latin letter "O" (`0o` or `0O)`. If the digit after the `0o` is outside the range (01234567), the following {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}} is thrown: "missing octal digits after '0o'". If a digit outside the octal range (i.e. 8 or 9) is used further along in the numeric literal, then the following {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}} is thrown: "unexpected token: numeric literal".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octal number syntax uses a leading zero followed by a lowercase or uppercase Latin letter "O" (`0o` or `0O)`. Any character after the `0o` that is outside the range (01234567) will terminate the literal sequence.
```

#### Hexadecimal

> Hexadecimal number syntax uses a leading zero followed by a lowercase or uppercase Latin letter "X" (`0x` or `0X`). If the digit after 0x is outside the range (0123456789ABCDEF), the following {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}} is thrown: "missing hexadecimal digits after '0x'". If an [`ID_Start`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#identifiers) character outside the hexadecimal range is used further along in the numeric literal, then the following {{jsxref("SyntaxError")}} is thrown: "identifier starts immediately after numeric literal".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hexadecimal number syntax uses a leading zero followed by a lowercase or uppercase Latin letter "X" (`0x` or `0X`). Any character after the `0x` that is outside the range (0123456789ABCDEF) will terminate the literal sequence.
```
